6 common public choice questions (multiple exams...protip: they are most common in adjacent semesters Spring/Fall):
  - Bryan Caplan (or Brennan and Lomasky) blame(s) most political failures on voter irrationality, not special
interests, but these two mechanisms could interact. Discuss how voter
irrationality could explain why special interests are able to influence policy. Use a
real-world example.
  - The literature on agency and business firms is mostly concerned with
addressing how transferable ownership, in conjunction with the market for
managerial labor, operates to mitigate agency costs. Municipal corporations are
similar to business firms, in that managerial responsibility is separated from
corporate ownership, which is distributed among residents/citizens. Discuss how
you might go about bringing agency principles to bear on municipal corporations. 
  - Investment banks provide intermediary services that connect people who have
enterprises for which they are seeking support and people who have money they
are seeking to invest. How would you go about treating a legislative assembly as
a peculiar type of investment bank, with “peculiar” denoting that not all investors
are willing investors? Set forth a skeletal framework that would render sensible
some salient features of modern fiscal arrangements.
  - When economists theorize about markets, they explain the expansion and
contraction among enterprises and industries as reflecting the flow of capital from
where returns are low to where they are high (profit opportunities). Why don’t
economists explain the growth of government since late in the 19th century in the
same fashion? What do you think would be the primary issues that would have to be
confronted in constructing such an explanation?
  - With the (in)famous exception of Gordon Tullock, virtually no American scholar
believes that a civil law system is more efficient than a common law one. Who’s
right: Tullock or everyone else, and why? If you answer Tullock, explain what
everyone else--all of whom you should assume are familiar with Tullock’s
critiques--is missing. If you answer everyone else, how do you explain the fact
that adjudication produced and purchased in private markets (e.g., international
arbitration) looks much closer to civil law than common law?
  - Bryan Caplan asserts: "since voting is largely expressive and not instrumental,
public goods are supplied only by coincidence." Explain his reasoning. Is he
right or wrong? Explain the basis of your judgment.


7 EZ mode questions:
  - Empirically, what determines attitudes toward markets versus government? Do
these contradict the implications of a Meltzer-Richards type of model?
  - Tax rates on particular products vary considerably across states in the US. For
instance, the tax rate on beer in such states as Colorado, Illinois, Minnesota,
Missouri, and Pennsylvania is less than one-fifth the tax rate in such states as
Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, and North Carolina. Discuss in a conceptual
manner how you would go about explaining this kind of variation in tax rates.
  - What do the empirical literature on religion, genetics, and public opinion
suggest about the evolution of public policy over the next century?
  - Rent-seeking need not mean rent-destroying. Explain how in theory the quest
for Tullock’s Triangle could lead to reasonably efficient outcomes in some cases
and woefully inefficient outcomes in others. Provide at least one plausible
(though perhaps ahistorical) empirical example of each of these two types of
rent-seeking.
  - Why are the optimal plans of even well-intentioned governments often time
inconsistent? Be precise about the channels involved. Discuss two mechanisms,
plausible or otherwise, which would reduce the problem of time inconsistency.
  - According to Bryan Caplan, "since voting is largely expressive and not
instrumental, public goods are supplied only by coincidence." Explain his
reasoning. Is he right or wrong? Why or why not?
  - Donald Wittman severely criticizes democratic failure arguments that appeal to
"concentrated benefits and dispersed costs." Summarize his main counterarguments.
Is he right? If so, is there any way to reformulate the standard view
in a way that escapes Wittman's criticism? Discuss both theoretical and
empirical evidence.



